(NARRATOR) As the three-way
battle between the two squads
and Martian Terraformars...
rages on, Hong continues
to release her deadly
bacteria to protect Annex 1...
Everyone, retreat!
...forcing Squad 3 to fall
back.
Meanwhile, Alexander has
launched a suicidal attack
within the walls of the Annex...
1 in a last-ditch effort
to save his true love back on
earth.
His drastic move has left Squad
4 with heavy casualties.
(LIU) Hong...
[gasp] Yes?
Once we're done treating Xi and
the other infected members of
the team, we'll hunt for the...
Second Squad. You stay here.
There are pleanty of supplies
and food.
Continue releasing bacteria for
as long as you can. But don't
burn yourself out.
O-okay. Yes, I'll... do what you
said.
[gasp]
Hey, what's up with that sad
face? I wanna make sure you're
not getting any guilty...
feelings in that pretty ittle
head of yours.
Huh?
You did everything you could to
protect all of us, and Annex 1.
So now we'll do everything we
can to protect you. We're a
unit. That's all there is to it.
[sipping]
(LIU) It will take time to treat
the injured...
This shouldn't have happened.
The first and second were cut
off from Captain Komachi. I
hope the roaches haven't...
split them up and captured
them. Or worse...
Put me in contact with Squads 1
and 2.
Yes, sir.
06. WEAPONS AND TECHNIQUES
This is commander Liu Yiwi. I
order you to hand over the First
and Second. Or I'll destroy...
you with a missle attack.
Uh...
Michelle, tell that scum you
won't take his shit. He betrayed
the mission.
They must have had some secret
plan all along. That's why
they're after both of us. How...
can you be so calm right now?
It's called "resolve."
(AKARI) [grunt]
Squad 4's plans don't
matter to me.
I knew what I needed to do when
I came to Mars and nothing's
going to stop me.
You're not alone.
I have promises to keep too...
[pained grunts]
What now?!
What happened?
It's... over there!
(DONATELLO) Michelle.
What do you see?
Just like my father!
[gasp]
Welcome back, sir. We missed
you.
[sigh] It's bad... Captain...
We acted irresponsibly. For
that, I am sorry.
You better be sorry. But the
other squads weren't any better.
And, you saved my life when I...
could have died back there.
So thank you.
(SHOKICHI) Is this everyone?
(SYLVESTER) Yes. My son is dead.
That damn fool! I don't care
how frustrated he might have
been, How close we were to...
capturing the facility. Or how
impossible the situation may
have been...
Dying was against orders!
[grunt]
Now...
[grunting]
I promise you: Earth will get
a vaccine, even if I have to
give my life for it.
Look, captain...
I'll tell you all I know,
and the challenges that lie
ahead.
A bacteria-type M.O. operation
must have been performed on that
girl.
There's a good chance that tech
is exclusive to China.
(SHOKICHI) Are you saying shes a
human bioweapon?
(SYLVESTER) Yes. If she can get
close to her target, she can
carry out assassinations or...
terrorist attacks.
It seems the rest of them have
undergone a type of
metamorphosis operation...
quite different from ours.
Even in their human form, they
had strength and powers that
nearly matched those of their...
animal-hybrid states.
Which means... they can't just
revert and lead
normal lives, like we can.
One night in the same
room as that bacteria-type girl
would poison the average human.
Their sharpened senses would
make normal olfactory and
auditory stimuli almost...
unbearable.
Then does that mean that
they're...
Mm-hm.
To gain those powers, they've
abandoned the one hope we still
cling to...
Never again will they be able to
live an ordinary life.
They're killing machines now.
And with that kind of sacrifice,
they have nothing left to lose.
They don't care about the...
other squads on Mars.
(KANAKO) But I can't understand,
why do they want Michelle and
Akari so badly?
(SYLVESTER) I think I know...
Both of them was born with
prized Mosaic Organs.
Officer Davis is a medical
miracle. Unlike the rest of us,
she wasn't an experiment made...
in a lab.
But Akari Hizamaru was wholly
engineered. He owes his
existance completely to science.
A way to make the
Mosaic Organs hereditary does
exist.
The promise of genetically
transferring moasaic organs
could empower a single nation...
with a master race of soldiers.
An army of crustacean
commandos! A
batallion of electricity...
weilding spies.
You could make politicians
impervious to an assassin's
poison.
The medical applications would
be endless. Monopolizing the
technology would generate...
incredible wealth.
Any country possessing it would
rise to immense power! That's
what Liu's squad is after.
Then we have our new job: Save
Akari and Michelle... Stop squad
4.
Yes, sir!
Roger that, Captain.
(SYLVESTER) But we can't forget:
It's not just Squad 4 that wants
them. We need to hurry.
Ji...Jooo.
Sorry but I've got you
wrapped up, bullet ant. You're a
paraponera, right?
My bagworm silk is thin, but
it's strong. Now put down my
ship.
Jooo...
Don't put up a fight. You
just let me take you down nice
and easy.
[struggling]
Jooo...
Do I seem familiar to you? We
share the same strength. From my
father.
What's wrong, Akari? Did you
think I'd lose my cool when
faced with the creature that...
killed him?
I appreciate the concern. But
I've been ready for this ever
since I learned the...
terraformars could steal
our abilities.
I'm as calm as can be. I'm also
cranky as hell!
[pushing grunts]
Akari!
Right!
[pulling grunts]
[scream]
Jooiii.
You thought you'd come and
capture us?
Okay, Michelle. Let's do it!
(DONATELLO) Were you here the
whole time, Michelle?
Tell me, dear. What do you think
of those ants?
Mmm... They're okay.
Your arms look like my fathers'.
But I won't let that resemblance
cloud my judgement.
So long as you stay away from my
friends, I'm happy.
But because you're a shitty
roach, I'm stamping you out.
[yanking grunt]
[punching grunt]
[grunt]
I can feel each punch vibrate
through the silk. Incredible...
She's steeled herself for this
all week. She's so calm!
If she holds no grudge with that
monster for what he did? Then
why the crazy hard punches?!
But did you know this, Michelle?
Of all the insects...
(MICHELLE) This is where you
die.
[grunt]
(DONATELLO) Ants are unique
creatures.
Now! This is our chance to
finish him!
(AKARI) Michelle! Do it!
(DONATELLO) Ants are...
[gasp]
(DONATELLO) ...the strongest.
(DONATELLO) The strongest by
far.
Ji Joooi
[grunt]
He should be feeling the effects
by now...
Didn't Michelle's explosive
fluid penetrate that thing's
internal organs?
Shit.
Joooij...
(AKARI) What's the matter?
Can't break out, can you?
Sorry, but I'm not a brute-force
type like Michelle!
My style's more tie-you-up,
weigh-you-down, and bury you
underground.
[inhaling]
Joo jooj. J-jooo, jiii.
[gasp]
The silk!
[chuckle] What's up? You want me
too, new guy? Or these threads?
But you know something, red
ant? I wouldn't be too
confident of my chances if I...
were you.
'Cause now... she's really
pissed.
Time for round two, assholes.
If you want me, you're gonna
have to capture me first.
The bagworm silk is melting?
Acid! Like Carabus blaptoides.
Akari, cover your eyes or you'll
go blind!
God damn roach!
Bad news like that always freaks
me out!
[grunt]
[gasp]
[inhaling]
[exhaling]
Jo jio ji...
Ji, jiii, joiii...
[quiver]
[grunt] So you think your powers
will be more effective against
me? Is that it?
Let's do this!
[pained grunts]
I see. You're feeling pretty
cocky because you can melt my
silk threads at will.
But you should know I'm a whole
lot more than just a bug who can
spit out a few threads.
So if I can't use my silk, I'll
bust your head!
[gasp]
He's leaving no openings!
He's releasing smoke? [gasp]
[grunt]
And the first point... is mine!
These things feel no pain!
[grunt]
[grunts and groans]
[struggling for breath]
He wasn't afraid... to
sacrifice... He's just willing
to do whatever it takes... to...
win.
[pained grunt]
(YAEKO) They shot him! They shot
Hizamaru! I don't know if he's
alive but at this rate, the...
roaches will take Akari! Do you
copy?
Incoming transmission from
Vehicle 2.
Then you won't be able to
collect his body. Think about
it: that's worse than Akari...
just dying, right?
Thanks to him, we've got missles
pointed at us. We've had to
drive like mad men all over...
the place.
I can't take it anymore. Just
shoot!
Hizamaru and Michelle are
battling the roaches. Right now
they're between vehicles 1...
and 2.
Please don't wait, fire on both
of them and the terraformars.
Do whatever you have to! I beg
you, just make sure I survive!
Hurry! I'm scared that the
roaches will ccome for me next!
I know they will! I don't...
want to die! Save me!
So Rank 98 is betraying them.
Typical non-combatant. It was
only a matter of time before she
broke under the pressure.
The target she provided is
confirmed and accurate.
Do it.
(BAO) Firing!
(MICHELLE) Squad 4 is worried
that Akari and I will be taken
by the terraformars before...
they can recover our bodies
themselves. Plus, they want
to prevent squads 1 and...
2 from connecting with Joseph
to launch an attack.
Mhm.
(MICHELLE) We can't use our
radios, so we'll use a
smoke signal to alert Squad 6...
that we need help.
To get them to launch the
missle. Pretend to betray us.
Understood. I'll do my best.
You'll be great!
(MICHELLE) If I get into
trouble, follow the plan! Got
it? We'll outsmart Squad 4...
and make them waste a missle.
Right!
It's in your hands now, Alex!
(ALEX) Leave it to me, Yaeko.
I'll bring the missle down off
traget. And send the smoke
signal into the sky!
[gasp]
[grunt]
[gasp] I'm gonna haunt your
dreams!
Huh?!
It...didn't work?
We wasted their missle, but we
didn't get our smoke signal. The
plan failed.
[chuckle]
I'll load a second one.
Wait!
It went off course and missed
the target. Why?
Rank 7? Could he have rigged the
missle?
(NARRATOR) As a strategy,
Michelle and her team's plan was
incredibly risky...
(MICHELLE) If Liu hadn't taken
the bait and fired the missle...
If nothing had disrupted the
missle and it hit vehicle 2 with
Yaeko in it...
Or, if the missle had detonated
anywhere near us...
(NARRATOR) It was the slimmest
of hopes... a hope that was on
the verge of disappearing any...
moment!
But it worked...
Thank you... Stranger.
(NARRATOR) A fallen comrade from
another land had intervened!
(AKARI) As long as I've got
this...
Then the fight is on!
So Rank 7 knew... theat we'd
fire without hesitation if we
had to.
He destroyed the launcher to
make us think the missles were
still usable! He tricked us!
He must have removed the
explosive warhead and replaced
it with something that...
changed the missle's center of
gravity.
So... the weapon he planted
inside was..!
(AKARI) I don't know who you are
but our hopes are joined as one!
You gave me something that only
I can locate, with my moth
powers...
(NARRATOR) In sacrificing
himself, Rank 7 had delivered an
extrodinary weapon to Rank 6.
So you brought a gun to this
fight?
Then I've got a little something
for you!
(NARRATOR) The anti-terraformar
shindo-shiki-ninja sword! Known
as...
Hizamaru!
(MICHELLE) Nighty-night,
Paraponera.